# Word Sample Add-in

This add-in is generated by Microsoft 365 Agent in GitHub Copilot.

## How to run this sample

Press **F5** or click 'Preview Office add-in' in Microsoft 365 Toolkit view to run this sample.

Note: Running this sample requires dependencies to be installed on your machine. Click 'Check dependencies' button in Microsoft 365 Toolkit view to see if your environment is fully prepared. You need to make sure Node.js and npm are installed on your machine.

## Explore the project

The add-in project that you've created with GitHub Copilot contains sample code for a basic task pane add-in. If you'd like to explore the components of your add-in project, open the project in your code editor and review the files listed below. When you're ready to try out your add-in, proceed to the next section.

The ./src/taskpane/taskpane.html file contains the HTML markup for the task pane.
The ./src/taskpane/taskpane.css file contains the CSS that's applied to content in the task pane.
The ./src/taskpane/taskpane.js file contains the Office JavaScript API code that facilitates interaction between the task pane and the Office client application.

## Next Steps

- You can switch to GitHub Copilot view to further generate code to explore more.

## Further reading

- [How Microsoft Teams bots work](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics-teams?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=javascript)
- [Build a bot by using Teams Toolkit for Visual Studio Code](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/teams-toolkit-vsc-create-bot/)
- [Build apps with Teams AI Library](https://aka.ms/Teams-AI-Library)